# EFFECT-OF-COVID-19-ON-SPORT-AND-WEIGHT
  PROBLEM DESCRIPTION
  
  A virus that completely changes our lives in an instant, stops us, life; Corona Virus ... We have been fighting both physiological and psychological for months with this virus, which is invisible to the eye but causes death of people.
 I think it would not be wrong to say that while it directly affects the health of millions, it indirectly affects other areas of our lives positively and negatively. It deeply affected our health, economy, daily life, interpersonal relationships, and our relationship with ourselves. Of course, our daily routine has also changed, we can no longer do most of the daily activities we did in our lives before the virus.  For example, before Covid-19, I was a person with sports at the center of his life. I'd go for a walk every morning and evening, go to the gym four days a week, but it's impossible to do it now. I had a serious novelization and gained weight due to Covid-19. When I look around, I see that most of my friends have the same problem. Being at home all the time,not moving, unfortunately, is a threat to all of us. in addition, we eat constantly, most of us mix boredom with hunger, or those who are bored at home want to try new dishes, as a result of which we gain weight. In short, we can't end up counting the effects of Covid-19 on our lives, I have addressed the weight problem from these problems, which are very different for everyone. Hopefully soon Covid-19 will be out of our lives and back to the good old days.
 
 INTRODUCTION
 
With Covid-19, our lives have completely changed, above all our daily routines. Now, not all of us go out to protect themselves from the disease, we do not go to areas where people are crowded. This situation forced us all, but of course health is more important than anything else. The areas where everyone has difficulties are different; I think sports is an important point in human life, regular exercise leads to countless changes in both our body and our soul. Of course, these changes increase our health status exponentially. When we do sports, the risk of heart disease and stroke decreases by 20-35 percent and the risk of Type 2 diabetes decreases by 33-59 percent. Although many people do physical exercise to lose weight, the benefit it provides is not only in balancing weight, blood pressure is regulated, and heart load decreases with weight loss. We must do sports and be active at least three days a week in order to be healthy, fit and vigorous. Unfortunately, being at home and eating all the time distanced us from sports. People always think that when they are at home, more sports will be done, but the situation is often the opposite because being at home increases our desire to sleep or sleep without doing anything, so the pandemic period people's weight gain rate, sleep times, the number of people who avoid sports and similar situations. it got even more. It is time to find a solution to these situations, and we are even late. 

THE STORY OF PROBLEM

While the Covid-19 virus continues to spread at full speed, unfortunately, the rate of overweight and obesity is increasing at the same speed. Of course, it is not only the covid-19 virus that causes these problems, we do not necessarily have to go to gyms or go to open areas to do sports, we can also do sports at home with our own means. Moreover, doing sports greatly increases the immune rate and enables us to be more fit during the day. It is difficult to start doing sports, but when you realize its advantages and even see it on our own body, be sure that it is very difficult to quit. With the availability of technology recently, it is much easier to do sports at home. Video, pictorial or live sports broadcasts are made on social media applications such as Youtube, Instagram, Twitch and similar. In addition, researches show that thanks to such practices, the healthy aspects of sports in quarantine are better understood, and that people take sports among their priorities.


